Hi everyone and this is the solution to exercise
33 where you were asked to tell what the output of this script would be.
And I asked you to tell to say the output mentally
so don't execute the code because that's quite easy to do.
Such as what I'm doing here.
So the output is 2, but I asked you to do it mentally to understand how Python works.
So let me explain why you get 2 in here.
Well Python executes a script from top to bottom so it goes to the first line. This is a comment.
So just goes with the next line.
This just goes to the next line.
We have a variable here, so one is assigned to c.
So the name c has a value of one now, so c
think of it as a container and we have a blueprint, so which is a function I call it a blueprint.
So you write an algorithm to perform something and inside this function what I'm doing here is I'm creating
a local variable.
So this is a local value.
This is a global variable. Inside a function local variables cannot be accessed outside of the function.
So this is a different variable.
And this is different variable from this one in here.
Local Variables have priority inside a function.
So when you do then, when you do return c, what the function does
it looks inside the function for a variable named and so Python because it gives priority to local variables
this function will return the value of this local variable.
So it will return 2, and then what we have here is we assign another value to variable c, to global variable
c which was defined in here.
So c now has a variable of three and Python is still executing the script.
So it's in line 7 for now and then it goes to the last line where it prints out the function output
which is 2.
So that's why you get two.
Because function takes the value of c, of local variable c and prints, and returns that value.
That's the explanation.
Feel free to ask questions if you like.
See you later.